# 0.10.1

* Add Ability to request one file as multipart/form data

# 0.10.0

* Update templates for generated API. 
* Improve code for accepting gzip files.

# 0.9.4

* Add dynamic openapi_url to match docs_url

# 0.9.3

* Removed /healthcheck endpoint from docs
* Add fix for handling content type sent as None

# 0.9.2

* Add content_type to error message for unsupported file types
  
# 0.9.1

* Allow references to standard imports in pipeline cells
* Removed unused /healthcheck endpoints

# 0.9.0

* Add supporting gzip compressed files

# 0.8.1

* Removed async/await from endpoints.
* Refactored template for generating endpoints with shorter semver.

# 0.8.0

* Add duplicate routes with semver major version

# 0.7.0

* Add dynamic docs_url

# 0.6.0

* Add file type validation via `UNSTRUCTURED_ALLOWED_MIMETYPES`

# 0.5.0

* Removed rate limit and slow api from project. Updated templates and tests.

# 0.4.9

*  Bug fix: Generated code now consistent across Operating Systems

# 0.4.8

*  Add ability to return JSON responses for multiple text_files

# 0.4.7

* Notebook conversion organizes module level imports at the top of the file
* Allow for FastAPI metadata to be read from the config file
* Add `__init__.py` to API module and add a default version for FastAPI.

# 0.4.6

* Add support for `response_schema` parameter in Pipeline API functions.

# 0.4.5

* fix bug to get `response_type` value before first call of it in template

# 0.4.4

* Implement generation of an app-level FastAPI module.

# 0.4.3

* Updates `mypy` type checking code to use `--implicit-optional`

## 0.4.2

* Add types-ujson dependency

## 0.4.1

* Implement feature to allow accepting multiple binary files to the autogenerated pipeline APIs.

## 0.4.0

* Implement feature to allow accepting multiple text files to the autogenerated pipeline APIs.

## 0.3.1

* Removed the ratelimit on healthchecks
* Dependency bumps

## 0.3.0

* Add the ability to pass Accept MIME type headers to pipeline API's
* Dependency bumps

## 0.2.0

* Initial release of unstructured-api-tools
